[Doc] database auto-update and database metrics (#187)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-geoip: docs/index.asciidoc

The Logstash open source distribution uses the MaxMind Creative Commons license
database by default.

> ==== Database Auto-update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-database_auto"]
==== Database Auto-update
```

> This plugin embedded with Creative Commons (CC) license databases.
> When Logstash works in air-gapped enviornment, CC license databases can be used indefinitely. 
> Logstash checks database update every day. It downloads the latest and can replace the old database on-the-fly.
> Once it downloads EULA license databases, it will not fallback to CC license databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin bundles Creative Commons (CC) license databases.
In air-gapped environments, Logstash can use CC license databases indefinitely. 
Logstash checks for database updates every day. It downloads the latest and can replace the old database while the plugin is running.
After Logstash downloads EULA license databases, it will not fallback to CC license databases.
```

Reviewer: WRT "on-the-fly."  I offered a suggestion, but I'm not sure if it's correct.  Ideally, we should explain exactly how this works.

If Logstash fails to download the database for 30 days, 
the geoip filter will stop enriching events in order to maintain compliance.
Events will be tagged with `_geoip_expired_database` tag to facilitate the handling of this situation.

> NOTE: We recommend you allow Logstash to access internet to download databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: When possible, allow Logstash to access the internet to download databases so that they are always up-to-date. 
```

> ==== Database Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-metrics"]
==== Database Metrics
```

> You can monitor database status through https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/node-stats-api.html#node-stats-api[Node Stats API]

Author: please correct me on how to link the plugin doc to logstash doc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor database status through {logstash-ref}/node-stats-api.html#node-stats-api[Node Stats API]
```

The following request returns a JSON document containing database manager stats,
including:

> * the database status and freshness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* database status and freshness
```

* info about download successes and failures
** `geoip.download.successes` number of successful checks and downloads
** `geoip.download.failures` number of failed check or download
** `geoip.download.status`
*** `checking` : check and download at the moment
*** `succeeded` : last download succeed
*** `failed` : last download failed

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
curl -XGET 'localhost:9600/_node/stats/geoip?pretty'
--------------------------------------------------

Example response:

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "geoip" : {
    "database" : {
      "ASN" : {
        "status" : "healthy",
        "fail_check_in_days" : 0,
        "download_at": "2021-06-21T16:06:54+02:00"
      },
      "City" : {
        "status" : "healthy",
        "fail_check_in_days" : 0,
        "download_at": "2021-06-21T16:06:54+02:00"
      }
    },
    "download" : {
      "successes" : 15,
      "failures" : 1,
      "last_check_at" : "2021-06-21T16:07:03+02:00",
      "status" : "succeeded"
    }
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------

> 

Author: It will be good to get your advice whether this part should belong to [Node State API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/node-stats-api.html#node-stats-api) or stay in plugin

Author: `geoip` metrics only appear when user uses geoip plugin

Reviewer: Another good example. Thank you. ❤️ 
Your instincts are right. I believe this info provides the most user benefit here. 
If you would like, we can set up a heading/section in the Node Stat API docs to expose this info. Rather than repeating the info, we can point them here.  LMKWYT or if you'd like for me to set this up.

The Logstash open source distribution uses the MaxMind Creative Commons license
database by default.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-database_auto"]
==== Database Auto-update

This plugin bundles Creative Commons (CC) license databases.
In air-gapped environments, Logstash can use CC license databases indefinitely.
Logstash checks for database updates every day. It downloads the latest and can replace the old database
while the plugin is running.
After Logstash downloads EULA license databases, it will not fallback to CC license databases.

If Logstash fails to download the database for 30 days, 
the geoip filter will stop enriching events in order to maintain compliance.
Events will be tagged with `_geoip_expired_database` tag to facilitate the handling of this situation.

> Tip: When possible, allow Logstash to access the internet to download databases so that they are always up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: When possible, allow Logstash to access the internet to download databases so that they are always up-to-date.
```

Reviewer: All caps required to trigger the special "tip" formatting.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-metrics"]
==== Database Metrics

> You can monitor database status through {logstash-ref}/node-stats-api.html#node-stats-api[Node Stats API]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor database status through the {logstash-ref}/node-stats-api.html#node-stats-api[Node Stats API].
```
